[woman]
Previously on
How to Get Away with Murder:
We all deserve something good.
You don't need me to tell you
how stupid this is.
You're hired
on a trial basis.
How's your father doing?
Got his bad days.
But just knowing he can get
a retrial will cheer him up.
First official C&G case.
The psychopath CEO?
It's not
a good case for me.
This ship is sinking,
Annalise.
-And you're gonna make
the firm some cash.
-Okay.
I finally found a way
into the kid's head.
The DNA sample
was from a blood test
run on a baby boy abandoned
at St. Lincoln Hospital.
The baby was kidnapped.
Any suspects?
Just her.
[groaning]
♪ Come on ♪
[harmonizing]
[Michaela]
Whose blood is that?
Whose blood is that,
Bonnie?
Bonnie, tell me
whose blood it is.
Bonnie, whose blood
is it?!
Relax.
I cut myself shaving.
♪♪
[Annalise] What makes
a psychopath a psychopath?
Pathological lying...
a lack of realistic
long-term goals...
Christopher!
[speaking Spanish]
Can you laugh for Mommy?
Blb-blb-blb-blb-blb!
...early behavior problems...
Not even a giggle?
Please?
...the constant need
for stimulation...
Ahh. Ow.
Hold still.
I just -- I don't understand
how this could happen.
I clench my fists in my sleep
when I'm stressed.
Why are you stressed?
Why are you not?
We can't afford a venue
or a band.
Yeah. Or rings.
Ahh.
I'm sorry.
♪♪
...a parasitic lifestyle...
...a cunning and
manipulative nature...
[Knocks on door]
[Asher] Gabey, baby,
open up!
You in there?
I'm kind of having
a toilet-paper emergency.
Yeah, one sec.
...glib and
superficial charm...
impulsivity and
lack of planning...
Uh, sorry.
I have a big day at work
and my stomach doesn't
handle nerves very well.
...criminal versatility...
and a grandiose
sense of self.
Now, the prosecution
wants you to believe
that these are not only
the traits of a psychopath,
but my client,
Niles Harrington.
What's their evidence?
A gimmicky,
tongue-in-cheek career book,
"The Psychopath CEO."
"The psychopath CEO must do
whatever it takes to win."
These are
the defendant's own words,
written right here.
In this case,
"whatever it takes"
meant the brutal murder of the
defendant's business partner,
Andrew Rowland,
because when the defendant
discovered the victim
was leaving him
for a rival company,
he did what
any psychopath would do
and he killed him.
The murder weapon?
The defendant's belt.
There is no hard evidence
tying this belt
to Mr. Harrington --
no DNA, no fingerprints.
What is hard evidence
is my client's alibi,
Doris Reid.
Now, she will testify that
she saw her boss
at his desk
at the time of the murder.
Could you find
a more convenient
alibi than your secretary,
a woman who spent 12 years
being subjected
to the psychopathic tactics
of the defendant?
My client is a beast
in the boardroom, yes,
but you ask anyone
in his personal life,
and he is a kind, generous,
loving man and husband.
Read the stories the defendant
tells about himself
in his own book --
how he once fired an employee
for taking time off
for her mother's funeral.
The only crime Mr. Harrington
ever committed
was writing
a provocative book.
But is that who we are
as a society --
people who judge others
by their image
and not their heart,
who trust gossip over fact,
reputation over reality?
[Sighs]
God help us all if that's
the country we live in.
♪♪
I'm pretty proud of myself
for making you take this case.
♪♪
Annalise,
that was phenomenal.
Let's not get ahead of
ourselves, honey.
I'm giving validation,
just like H.R.'s
constantly recommending.
I don't need your validation
to know I'm doing a good job.
Listen to your wife.
Oh, good.
More publicity for the book.
[Emmett] Don't say a word.
You just stand here.
Hold, uh,
Bethany's hand.
We appreciate, uh,
your interest
in the wrongful persecution
of Mr. Harrington,
but we won't be
answering questions today.
Ms. Keating,
what's your reaction
to Governor Birkhead's
new executive order?
I'm sorry?
Are you concerned
the governor's executive order
will stall your
class-action appeals?
[Reporter] How do you think
you'll win cases
if your students
can no longer help you?
Have either of you guys seen
Christopher laugh?
No. Maybe he's
a psychopath.
-Right?
-He's just a boy.
They develop slower
than girls.
Look at Connor.
Was this you?
Uh, I-I-I knew
you had a meeting
with the Monarch team.
How did you know
about that?
I might still have
the password
to your calendar.
Stay out of my calendar
and my life.
She's gonna like me again.
Watch.
[Annalise]
I hope you're all rested
because tonight's gonna be
an all-nighter.
'Cause we get to work
with a psychopath?
No, because you get to become
experts on Legal Ethics.
Why? We don't take Ethics
until next year.
It's to hit back at
the governor's executive order.
What?
What do you mean?
You don't have me
on Google Alert?
Here -- "In order to prevent
future instances
of ineffective assistance
of counsel,
all student non-lawyers must
fulfill an ethics requirement
in order to continue
legal duties,
effective immediately."
We are the people preventing
ineffective assistance
of counsel.
It's her lame attempt
to stall our appeals.
But as long as you study,
you should do fine on the exam.
-When is this?
-Tomorrow.
You'll each get interviewed
in front of the Ethics Board.
We don't have time for this.
-Talk about unethical!
-Hey, listen,
I cannot argue these appeals
on my own.
So, study your asses off,
or the clinic goes away,
and that's including
the 64 grand.
♪♪
I'm sorry.
Take your time.
Anything you remember
might help.
[Scoffs]
It's been over 20 years since
I worked at that hospital.
But the police records say
you were the last person
to see the baby.
He was left at the hospital
with just a blanket,
not even a note.
Me and the other nurses
all fought about
who would get
to adopt him.
So, when he was taken
that night,
on my shift...
...everyone blamed me.
As they should have.
♪♪
[Sniffles]
So, was it a turn-on
watching me in court,
kind of like seeing your
boyfriend at football practice?
If my boyfriend was on
the losing team.
Ooh, ouch.
Juries always like
Annalise better.
You might as well
accept that now.
It's Miller time!
Let's not make that
a thing.
And I didn't ask
for coffee.
But like any good intern,
I know what you want
before even you know.
I think he likes me.
[Judge Harper] Mr. Miller,
is the prosecution prepared
to call its first witness?
The Commonwealth calls
Doris Reid to the stand.
Objection! Ms. Reid is not on
the prosecution's witness list.
But she is on
the defense's list.
I'm sure counsel
has had plenty of time
to interview their own witness.
-In none of our interviews
did the witness tell us
she'd be flipping.
Overruled. The witness
can take the stand.
-Did you know about this?
-Absolutely not.
[Miller] Ms. Reid,
in your statement to police,
you said that you were working
with Mr. Harrington
until 11:30
the night of the murder.
Is that true?
T-To be honest,
I don't remember.
Objection! Ms. Reid
gave sworn statements
to the police about being
with my client that night.
Now she's sworn on a Bible
in this court.
So, is she
perjuring herself now,
or was she perjuring herself
then?
[Judge Harper] You will have
your own opportunity
to cross, Mr. Crawford.
Continue.
Ms. Reid, if you don't
actually remember,
why tell police you were
with your boss that night?
Because I was scared.
Scared of what?
Mr. Harrington,
that he would
strangle me next.
Objection!
The prosecution has
coerced the witness
into changing her testimony.
Mr. Crawford can't make
false accusations like that
before the jury.
Neither of you continue
to speak.
Jury, you will strike
both the prosecutor
and defense's statements
from the record.
[dramatic music]
The prosecution
paid the bitch.
That's the only reason
Doris would flip.
Ah, just --
just to be clear,
you remember being with her
that night?
Of course.
12 years of bonuses
and holiday gifts,
and this is how the ingrate
repays me?
We need to pin this
on Doris.
No, no, no. We have
no evidence against her.
She flipped at the last minute
to cover her ass.
-That just looks guilty.
-I said no.
This is why you hired me.
I didn't hire you,
and I'm with Crawford.
Doris wouldn't hurt a spider,
let alone a person.
You're putting me
on the stand.
Like hell we are.
I built a billion-dollar
business from scratch
because I know
how to charm people.
You give me five minutes
in front of that jury,
I'll own them.
You talk to them like you're
talking to me right now,
and they'll hate you.
What just happened
in there was a disaster.
Crawford?
We'll prep you
this afternoon.
♪♪
Why are you
letting an egomaniac
tell us how to do our jobs?
Part of our job is to provide
good customer service.
I'm not a telemarketer.
Clients like me because
I tell them the truth.
Well, we need this client
to more than just like us.
Niles is considering
moving all
his legal accounts to C&G.
That's a billion-dollar deal
that would more than make up
for the Antares loss.
So, we just need to
keep him happy.
Well, why didn't you
tell me that before?
To keep you from feeling
the pressure I'm feeling.
[Knocks on glass]
Tori at reception told me
I should come here.
Oliver,
meet Emmett Crawford.
The guy who's giving away
all the money.
Nice to meet you.
Why am I meeting him?
Oliver's an I.T. genius.
He'll find something to
incriminate the secretary.
We just decided
on the strategy.
No, we decided
on your strategy.
And when it fails,
you'll be glad
that I have a backup plan
to save your ass.
Thanks for calling me
a genius.
Just find something juicy,
genius.
♪♪
You put a nanny cam
in the daycare?
They have a live feed.
And guess who still
hasn't laughed.
Okay, how does it
make any sense
that Tegan's okay
helping you get into daycare,
but she won't even speak to me?
We can't talk
about that here.
Why? 'Cause you
seduced her?
No, but maybe Michaela
should try that.
Ooh, peek into her vagina,
not her calendar.
-I like it.
-Are we talking about getting
-Tegan and Michaela
together again?
-Again?
What are you doing here?
Annalise hired me.
To hack in the Ethics Board
and get us our exam?
To find dirt
on some secretary.
She's letting you work
on the psychopath case?
She likes me better
than all of you.
And honestly, I'm just happy
to see my boyfriend again.
[Connor] Seriously.
It's hard to think ethically
when he's around.
Mm. And "fabstinent-ly."
You guys need something?
-Nope. No, I'm good.
-No, I'm just looking
for a pen.
Uh, anyone, um, understand this
evidence-concealment issue?
No?
♪♪
Knock, knock.
Go away.
I've had way too much coffee.
I know what A.K.'s
next move's gonna be.
Step 2 in her
Criminal Law class
is to introduce
a new suspect, okay?
The -- The secretary flipped,
so she's the obvious target.
There's no evidence that
incriminates the secretary.
This is what A.K. does.
She figures out what you think
she's not gonna do, and then
she does that exact thing
and, boom,
she kamikazes her way to a win.
You were her intern
for five minutes.
But I was a part of
her inner circle.
Well, then why'd Winterbottom
not want you working here?
It's not really
for me to say.
Because you're more loyal
to Annalise than the D.A.?
It's a personal thing,
not Annalise.
What personal thing?
♪♪
Hey.
Millstone?
He told you?
Yeah, what you
should've told me.
I'm sorry.
Am I supposed to tell you
about everyone
I've had sex with?
If I'm gonna be
the guy's boss, yeah.
Then you need
to tell me about
every paralegal
you've ever dated.
I haven't because I've always
wanted to avoid this.
You know what?
You're right.
This just got
too complicated.
Only because
you didn't tell me.
Tell you I'm a slut?
What? No.
Or are you
just scared what else
you're gonna find out
about me?
O-Okay, now you're
twisting my words.
'Cause there are way worse
things about me
than sleeping with Asher.
Bonnie --
I drink too much.
I hate dogs.
I like it rough sometimes.
-Okay, stop.
-Was that too much?
I never said I expect you
to be perfect.
Good, 'cause I'm not.
Neither are you,
apparently.
♪♪
Get out.
I can make a scene
really easy here.
♪♪
Okay.
[Theresa] Nate!
Where were you
all morning?
I had to interview
a witness.
What's up?
My dad gave me his tickets
to the Eagles game
on Sunday. You in?
As long as I don't got
to meet your dad.
-[Laughs]
-[Knocks on door]
[Annalise] Hey --
Bad time?
I'll get you
those labs ASAP.
Let me guess.
The governor's executive order
is screwing with
my dad's appeal.
Not at all.
In fact,
the judge just called
and set the trial date
for the end of the month.
[Laughing] Yeah.
That's even sooner
than you thought.
-When I push, I push hard.
-Mm-hmm.
You wanna tell him
or should I?
Yeah, no, I got it.
Okay.
Annalise?
♪♪
She seems nice.
Yeah.
You getting
back out there?
No. I'm dating 90 clients
and a psychopath.
I have enough on my plate.
♪♪
[Tegan] Mr. Harrington,
at what point did you discover
your business partner was
leaving for a rival company?
[Niles] Not until I learned
that he had passed away.
Why is she here?
You don't agree with
my strategy. Tegan does.
[Tegan]
So, your relationship with
the victim wasn't strained?
Oh, God, no, no.
The success of my business
relied on Andrew and me
getting along.
Mr. Harrington, did you know
that strangulation
is usually committed by someone
who knew the victim personally?
You know, I don't have
a violent bone in my body,
Ms. Keating, unlike you.
Excuse me?
A simple Internet search
told me all the reasons
not to like you,
but what's your
problem with me?
See, his ego can't even handle
a simple cross.
Is this chip on your shoulder
the reason
why you never re-married
after your husband died?
Yeah, okay, uh, let's --
let's take a break.
You have no ring.
I'm guessing that's because
you have no idea how easily men
see through this act of yours.
Which part of me
do you think is an act?
Niles, you're out of line.
All work and no play
makes for a bitter woman.
Actually, it's mediocre men
that make women bitter.
No ring on you, either.
What, do you both just
enjoy being lonely?
I-I'm sorry.
He doesn't mean any of this.
Oh, I think
he means it.
Of course I do.
I was a mess until
I met Bethany.
Loving her has made me
a better man.
Ooh, I'm having trouble
seeing that.
Here's a tip for you
single ladies --
put on some heels
and land a man.
This is who we're
gonna put in front of
our mostly female jury?
Niles, I will fire your ass
if you don't shut up.
You think your partners
would let you fire me
after what you did
in London?
Like you're not already
in the doghouse.
Say another word,
and we will quit your case.
You can't afford
to quit this case.
I'm not sure I've ever
hated a client so much.
I hate them all.
[Both chuckle]
Do you know
what Emmett did?
In London?
All I heard
was "misconduct."
Sexual?
I don't know.
-I don't want to, either.
-[Elevator dings]
Take it from me --
the less tea you know
around here, the better.
You're speaking
my language.
[Chuckles]
♪♪
So, you'll forgive everyone
but me?
Why is it so hard for you
to follow instructions?
You meant something to me.
I've never met
anyone like you,
someone successful
and outspoken...
and nice.
I was nice until
you lied to my face.
For my friend, whose father
killed her boyfriend.
Lower your voice.
I just want
to make things right.
Please let me.
You knew what I gave up
for this job --
my girlfriend, friends,
a family.
It was worth it because
I was about to be crowned
king of this firm.
But look at me now.
Playing second fiddle
to Annalise
and taking orders from
another flawed white man
who keeps failing up.
And if that weren't
bad enough,
I have to see you
in the halls,
giddily building your career
while mine's on life support.
We're way past you making
anything damn right, Michaela.
♪♪
I'm not giving up on us.
Out.
[Asher] Are you all
doing poppers over there?
'Cause there is no way in hell
that I'm helping Annalise
or the clinic.
You wouldn't be helping
Annalise.
You'd be helping your friend
Connor pass his ethics exam.
The odds of you
passing ethics
are about as likely as me
taking Michaela back,
meaning it's not gonna happen.
Look, Asher,
just help a guy out.
I said no.
Asher?
Why are you asking him
for help?
'Cause he could tell us
what A.D.A.s
or judges are on the panel.
Or you could just study.
How hard is that?
And that applies
to all of you.
Stay up all night
if you have to,
but know that this is
bigger than just a test.
Anything?
Not yet.
Great.
You leaving after that?
Daycare's about to close.
Single mom. I forgot.
And how do you know that?
You know, you all don't talk
as quiet as you think.
Or you just like
to eavesdrop.
I grew up in
a single-parent home.
I know how tough that is,
so just...
don't be so hard
on yourself.
Also, maybe the reason
your kid's not laughing yet
is because you're not funny.
Neither are you.
I haven't seen
this much traffic
from a single user
on the Tor network
in a minute.
Looks like it's written in
something other than C++.
Just tell me what it is.
It's a drive with a browser
that allows you to
send e-mails anonymously.
Can you mess with it so
they're not anonymous?
I'll need a day to crack it,
but you'll probably want me
to install a keylogger
and a VNC server so --
Otis.
So you can see on your computer
what he sees on his computer.
24 hours. No more.
["Afternoon" playing]
♪♪
[Cellphone chimes]
♪ You got me hoping
I'm wrong again ♪
♪ Girl, it's not what I need ♪
♪ I'm spending all of my time
trying to open up ♪
♪ Let it breathe ♪
♪ It all comes down ♪
♪ To whether
you love me anymore ♪
- [Cellphone buzzing]
- ♪ God, I hope you do ♪
♪ 'Cause I can't tell ♪
[over phone] You've reached
Bonnie Winterbottom.
Please leave a message.
♪ I can't tell by the look
in your eyes ♪
[Miller] I'm sorry, okay?
Everyone has a past.
God knows I do, too.
-♪ It was the early afternoon ♪
-What matters
is that you're you.
♪ I thought I lost you
to the tune ♪
And I really like
that you, so...
♪ You got me singing that
mm-mm-mm ♪
...call me.
-♪ Got me holding on,
mm-mm-mm ♪
-[Knocks on door]
-[Exhales slowly]
-♪ Got me holding on, mm ♪
[Grumbles] Yeah?
♪ Got me holding on,
mm-mm-mm ♪
I know how you can
out-kamikaze A.K.
♪ Got me holding on ♪
The first witness on their list
is Niles, not the secretary.
Why let them put anyone
on the stand
when we can get a conviction
another way?
What are you talking about?
There's something
that A.K. wants
even more than winning
this case.
♪♪
♪ Mm-mm-mm ♪
♪ Got me holding on ♪
Tell me we're not here
to make out.
I want to make a deal.
Voluntary manslaughter,
10 years.
I'm leaving.
Now, it'll be damn hard
to win your appeals
if your students fail
their ethics exam.
And since I've worked with
about everyone appointed
to that panel...
The jury is on your side.
You have no need
to make a deal.
Well, we both know you always
have a trick up your sleeve.
And I want to be the D.A.,
which means getting
convictions.
Now, whether that's in court
or through a plea,
it's all the same to me.
♪♪
You're more interesting
than I thought.
[Door opens]
[Bonnie] What's wrong?
Did you tell him
to offer me that deal?
Who?
Your boyfriend.
Is this a setup?
I don't know what
you're talking about.
Well, hey, it was a good idea.
I'll give you that.
We're having a fight,
Annalise.
I don't know anything
about a deal.
[Grumbles]
What'd he do?
Nothing.
-Oh, did he cheat on you?
-No.
Hm.
Asher told him
we used to be together.
Why'd Asher do that?
It's Asher.
Why does he do anything?
[Sighs]
Why didn't you tell him?
What?
When Asher got the internship,
Miller had the right to know.
Why?
Because he's your boyfriend
and your boss.
He's not my boyfriend
anymore.
You were right. I was stupid
to think it could work.
You're scared he's gonna run
-when he finds out the rest.
-Stop.
Listen, I'm not saying
that you need to tell him.
I'm not going to.
Pushing people away
will only result
in what you say
you don't want, Bonnie.
I don't know what I want.
Well, you say that
you don't want to be alone.
At least, that's what
you told me.
You're more than
what happened to you.
Are you going
to take his deal?
No. It'll screw
my new boss.
I'm a company man now.
♪♪
Hey.
Oh, my God.
What are you doing here?
C&G kicked us out,
so we're studying here.
Thanks for telling me.
Cute nighty.
[Cellphone rings]
[Beeps]
Thought people your age
would be in bed by now.
I'm in your hood.
Wanna grab a drink?
Nah, man, I can't.
I'm at a friend's
for study group.
You're not gonna be there
all night, though?
I might, actually.
[Oliver] I got it!
Annalise was right.
I'm a genius!
Who was that?
Just someone from my clinic.
I got to go.
Wait.
[Dial tone]
[Cellphone ringing]
You find something?
Yeah. I went through
the secretary's e-mails.
She once got a message from
ladybug@altafena.com.
Geniuses talk faster
than this.
It's Bethany's
secret e-mail.
She used it to talk to Andrew
because they were having
an affair...
a-a very kinky affair
with whips and handcuffs
and I'm guessing belts, too.
♪♪
[Emmett] You found out
your wife was screwing Andrew,
so you killed him.
I didn't kill him.
Niles, you've lied to us
long enough.
Bethany killed him.
Andrew told her that
he was leaving the company.
She knew that would destroy
everything I'd built.
And she loved me too much
to let that happen.
Only a psychopath would try
to pin this on his own wife.
Bethany will tell you.
She's wanted to all along.
It was her belt, not mine.
And before you even suggest it,
know that I will kill you both
before letting her
go away for this.
♪♪
You find out your co-counsel
used unethical means
to win a trial.
If you expose them, your client
also goes down.
What do you do?
I would make
an anonymous report
to the ethics committee,
detailing what I knew.
Let's say your co-counsel
was your supervisor.
I'd still have to turn them in.
It's my duty.
What about your duty
to your client?
[Annalise]
Who cares what Niles wants?
We slip those e-mails to
Miller, he gets released,
his business stays afloat,
and you get your money.
In what world does he sign with
C&G when we've sold him out?
When he realizes
he's a moron
for saving his wife
over himself.
[Judge] Your supervisor tells
you to win your client's trial
by putting the blame
on an innocent person.
Do you do it?
Just who exactly is
this supervisor?
It's a hypothetical,
Ms. Pratt.
Well, hypothetically,
or in reality,
I'd find another strategy,
since the ABA recommends
lawyers avoid
tarnishing the innocent.
Let's find a new suspect,
someone Niles fired once.
Where do we find that person
right now,
when we have an hour
until court?
[Judge #2] You've found
your client's gun
in your supervisor's office
and are certain
it's the murder weapon.
Do you turn it in?
How can I be sure
it's the murder weapon?
It fits
the police description.
Doesn't matter.
Rule 1.3 requires
zealous advocacy.
The lawyer must give
all benefit of the doubt
to the client.
We use Andrew, say he killed
himself by accident --
auto-erotic asphyxiation.
Even though we never
mentioned it in our opening?
The jury's gonna know
we're flailing.
[Judge] You want the jurors
to like your client,
so your supervisor tells you
to hire an actress
to look like a loving spouse
and sit behind them in trial.
Is this ethical?
A lawyer can't
be held responsible
if the jury
makes assumptions.
...assumptions, which are an
inherent part of human nature.
...nature.
For example,
did this assumption rise
to the level of tampering?
...to the level of tampering?
If it didn't,
then it's not...
...technically unethical,
although it is desperate.
We have nothing.
So unless you have
a better idea,
we have to go
with self-harm.
We don't have nothing.
We have the belt.
Let's O.J. this.
♪♪
Ms. Reid, you stated
that you don't remember
where you were the night
Mr. Rowland was murdered.
Do you still stand
by that statement?
Yes.
Got it.
So, is it possible
you don't remember
strangling the victim
with your belt?
No, of course not!
Objection, Your Honor.
There is no foundation
for this line of attack.
-How can the jury believe...
-Sustained.
...anything that you say
after you admitted
lying to the police?
She's ignoring you,
Judge.
[Judge Harper] Ms. Keating,
the objection is sustained
until you provide the evidence
to substantiate these claims.
I'm about to have evidence.
You just have to order Ms. Reid
here to try on the belt.
Objection. The witness
isn't on trial here.
The D.A. has established
his theory
that the owner of the belt
committed the murder.
We have broad discretion
to prove our theory of defense.
You can't think this
is reasonable, Judge.
I think it's the 6th Amendment,
Mr. Miller.
I'll allow it.
Okay, but if the witness is
forced to try on the belt,
I'm gonna demand
the defendant does, too.
Absolutely not.
A defendant cannot be forced
to self-incriminate.
Self-incrimination only
applies to testimony.
That's more prejudicial
than probative, Judge.
I disagree.
If the defense wants
the witness to try on the belt,
then Mr. Miller has the right
to have the defendant
do the same.
The choice is yours.
♪♪
[Whispering]
Are we really doing this?
[Whispering] Well, you hired
me because I take big swings.
Mm.
♪♪
The defense agrees
that Mr. Harrington
can try on the belt,
as long as the witness does.
♪♪
[Whimpers]
This doesn't prove anything.
I didn't hurt anyone.
Say no more, Ms. Reid.
Now, Mr. Harrington?
♪♪
If it doesn't fit,
you must acquit.
Quiet, Mr. Harrington.
There will be no direct address
to the jury by you
or anyone else
in this courtroom.
All right.
[Judge] Your supervisor
instructs you to destroy
case files.
You suspect those files
contained evidence
of her own wrongdoings.
What do you do?
I would remind her
that it's my ethical duty
to keep all evidence
safe and sound.
What if this supervisor said
she would fire you, though?
-What's going on here?
-Excuse me?
Every single question has been
about my supervisor --
"she" -- which leads me
to believe that this
so-called exam
is actually just
the governor's personal attack
on Professor Keating.
Let's just keep on track.
Think about how unethical
that is, that we're --
we're wasting all of this
time and these resources
on this exam
when you could be hiring more
lawyers for the indigent.
That's why we students need
to defend these people --
because no one else
is willing to help them.
But we want to help them.
I want to help them.
So, why -- why are you
making it more difficult
for us to do that?
I'm... [Clears throat]
I'm sorry.
Could you, uh -- Could you
repeat the question, please?
[Judge Harper] Has the jury
reached a verdict?
We have, Your Honor.
To count one,
first-degree murder,
we, the jury,
find Niles Harrington...
guilty.
[Murmuring]
♪♪
How long have you
been Stage 4?
[Eileen] Excuse me?
You're taking Lipodox.
My wife only lived
another few months
after they put her on that.
I need you to go.
You really wanna take
this lie to your grave?
I said leave.
Some people would say
keeping this secret
is what made you sick.
You agree?
You want peace, don't you?
Clear your conscience.
He said he was
the baby's grandfather.
It's a woman
in that picture.
She was the mother,
according to him.
She panicked after the birth
and dropped the baby
at the hospital,
but she wanted him back,
and he didn't want her to get
in trouble with the police.
[Sobs]
[Voice breaking] I was
trying to do the right thing
for the baby.
[Inhales sharply,
exhales]
Was it her?
♪♪
Yes.
It's not over, Niles.
We can file a motion
for a new trial,
argue the jury had bias.
It was the book.
They hated me before
they ever knew me.
They wouldn't hate you if you'd
let us tell them the truth.
Never.
She killed to protect
the money she'd lose
if he left the company,
not because she loved you.
You don't know love at all.
I do.
That's what matters to me,
not my damn business,
not my reputation,
but dying knowing that I truly
gave myself to somebody else.
[Sobbing]
♪♪
[Rhonda] Christopher!
[Connor] Oh, Christopher,
my favorite little mister.
Look at that
yummy little face!
What's up, little man?
You get kicked out
of daycare again?
Excuse me.
Great news.
We passed our ethics exam?
Semi-decent news.
Mr. Crawford just hired me
full-time to work at C&G.
W-Wait. I'm sorry.
Are you -- Are you sure that
you want to work here again?
Uh, if it means being able
to afford rings
that don't cause gangrene,
then hell yeah.
Listen up.
I got your exam results back.
You all passed.
[Relieved sighs]
[Christopher laughs]
[Laurel] Oh, my God,
look at Christopher!
You're laughing!
[Oliver] I didn't think
he could get any cuter.
Why is it a big deal?
He just laughed
for the first time.
Says who?
He laughs for me
all the time.
♪♪
[Baby-talks]
In what world does a jury
vote guilty after that?
They hated Niles
more than we did.
[Chuckles] I didn't think
that was possible.
[Chuckles]
He's a big boy.
He can clean up
his own mess.
I know.
You taking Niles' advice
in those heels?
-[Laughs] Yeah, right.
-[Laughs]
I'm going salsa dancing
at The Dominicano alone.
-Unless you wanna come?
-Oh, God, no.
I got a couch and bowl of pasta
waiting for me.
[Emmett] We lost
the Harrington trial.
No, uh,
just give me some time.
I'm meeting some more
potential clients.
Next week.
So, does this actually
count as a "W"?
'Cause it seems like we kind of
lucked into this verdict.
Well, the jury said we won.
That's all that matters.
Oh. When you say "we,"
do you mean that I've graduated
to a permanent job?
-Fine.
-Dude!
Team Miller for life!
♪ The bottom of
the deep blue ♪
♪ Welcome to my cage,
little lover ♪
Go home.
♪ Time to rearrange
with ya, baby ♪
♪ Still don't know your name,
miss honey ♪
♪ Let's go up in flames,
pretty lady ♪
[Miller]
I am so sorry.
No, I'm sorry.
Stop.
This was my fault.
I overreacted.
- Bonnie --
You don't need
- to apologize.
I do.
I will never talk to you
that way again.
And I don't want to talk
to you that way again.
Just...
I need you to know
I'm complicated.
I know.
Really complicated,
and that scares me,
'cause this --
us -- I don't want
to screw it up.
Nothing's screwed up.
I promise.
♪ The bottom of
the deep blue ♪
♪ Welcome to my cage,
little lover ♪
♪ Time to rearrange
with ya, baby ♪
So, could you do it?
I'm not gonna lie.
I'm a little hurt
you asked that.
Give a straight answer
for once.
All right. I was able
to install the keylogger
and the remote desktop server
on the box.
So, from now on,
anything that he types
or sees on his screen,
you'll see, too.
[Frank] But he won't know
I'm looking?
No clue.
♪♪
-Why are you here?
-What are you doing here?
I was just seeing if
Doucheface wanted to hang.
You?
I-I had to drop off
an outline.
Liar.
[Sobs]
I'm so stupid.
Hey, come on.
What's wrong?
People don't like me.
Especially Tegan.
She liked me for a second,
but now she hates me.
Okay, stop.
Are you annoying sometimes?
Hell yeah.
But if you think coming here
and knocking on Asher's door,
hoping he'll tell you
he likes you
or maybe even ask him
to take you back...
I-I wasn't gonna do that.
Okay, maybe I was.
♪♪
Well, don't.
It's not fair to him.
♪ The bottom of
the deep blue ♪
You still mad at Laurel?
Of course.
'Cause you miss her?
Get up, drunky.
I'll drive you home before
you make a fool of yourself.
♪♪
[Cellphone rings]
[Cellphone beeps]
-Hey, Ma.
- ♪ Welcome to my cage,
little lover ♪
♪ Time to rearrange ♪
[Frank] I just need you
to teach me how to clone
a flip phone.
The whole point
of having a flip phone
is to avoid being cloned,
hacked, or monitored
by someone like you.
♪ Let's go up in flames,
little lady ♪
♪ Welcome to my cage,
little lover ♪
♪ Time to rearrange
with ya, baby ♪
♪ Still don't know your name,
miss honey ♪
♪ Let's go up in flames,
pretty lady ♪
♪♪
[Knocking on door]
What?
I didn't want to tell you
till I found out more.
This is Denver's file
on Bonnie.
There's a DNA test in it
that says Bonnie's kid
might still be alive.
I looked into it
and found this.
♪♪
[Nate] It's Bonnie.
She kidnapped her own son
from the hospital.
No.
The baby was never dead,
Annalise, I'm telling you.
No. This is not Bonnie.
This is her sister.
[Emcee] All right,
gather 'round, party people!
It's time for
that special moment
I like to call
the "boy-quet" toss.
Where are
my two lovebirds at?
[Cheers and applause]
Come on up to the front,
gentlemen.
Ah, there's one of my grooms.
Where's the other?
Anyone seen my husband?
[Chuckles]
Come on, folks. Let's make some
noise to get his attention.
[Cheers and applause]
Oliver to the dance floor.
♪♪
Now, you can't get cold feet
after you say "I do," Oliver.
Oliver? [Chuckles]
Where you at, buddy?
♪♪